Documentation Updates (#1061)
jamulussoftware/jamulussoftware.github.io: README.md

### Viewing the website offline

> You can view the website (this repo) offline on your own machine using [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/). Please see the [instructions for doing this here](https://docs.github.com/en/pages/setting-up-a-github-pages-site-with-jekyll/testing-your-github-pages-site-locally-with-jekyll). Note that Windows and macOS users will need to make their changes to the website files first, then make a pull request. Click on the "Checks" tab of the pull request, on the right click on "Artifacts" and download the zipped website file. Unzip it (twice), cd into the extracted folder and run `jekyll serve`. If you are on Linux, you can make and view your changes offline before making a PR, but you must install po4a (clone our [assets repo](https://github.com/jamulussoftware/assets) and install the latest .deb from there) along with Jekyll. Then clone the website repo, create your branch and run `_po4a-tools/po4a-create-all-targets.sh` before running `bundle exec jekyll serve` and viewing the site on `http://127.0.0.1:4000/`. Please ask in [Discussions](https://github.com/jamulussoftware/jamulus/discussions) for help with this if necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can view the website (this repo) offline on your own computer using [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/). Find [instructions for doing this here](https://docs.github.com/en/pages/setting-up-a-github-pages-site-with-jekyll/testing-your-github-pages-site-locally-with-jekyll). Windows and macOS users will need to make their changes to the website files first, then make a pull request. Click on the "Checks" tab of the pull request, on the right click on "Artifacts" and download the zipped website file. Unzip it (twice), cd into the extracted folder and run `jekyll serve`. If you are on Linux, you can make and view your changes offline before making a PR, but you must install po4a (clone our [assets repo](https://github.com/jamulussoftware/assets) and install the latest .deb from there) along with Jekyll. Then clone the website repo, create your branch and run `_po4a-tools/po4a-create-all-targets.sh` before running `bundle exec jekyll serve` and viewing the site on `http://127.0.0.1:4000/`. You can [ask for help in Discussions](https://github.com/jamulussoftware/jamulus/discussions).
```

Author: I added this to the other pull request.
